docs(tip-1096): anchor recovery leader to first imported header (#7366)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1096.md

The block may cross deposits, token enablements, sequencer-set changes, and
leadership changes because it performs no operation governed by that historical
state. Its beneficiary MUST equal the catch-up leader defined below; it is not
checked against leaders effective for earlier headers in the imported range.

### Header-only canonicality

> The catch-up leader for a header-only block is the historical leader effective

Reviewer: this is intended behaviour

> for the final Tempo header imported by that block. Every header-only block MUST

Reviewer 2: hmm shouldn't it be
```suggestion
The catch-up leader for a header-only block is the historical leader effective
for the first Tempo header imported by that block. Every header-only block MUST
```

> be produced by its catch-up leader and MUST set its beneficiary to that leader.

Reviewer: we already do it
